README.md, before:

# Hopper Protocol: Migrate Uniswap LP positions cross-chain

## Overview

Hopper migrates Uniswap v3 and v4 LP positions between different EVM chains with a single click.

To move a Uniswap LP position manually from say Arbitrum to Unichain requires several steps:
1. Burn position on Arbitrum (to collect all assets in the pool and fees)
2. Swap to a single token (like WETH)
3. Bridge WETH to Unichain
4. Swap back into the "other token" (like USDC)
5. Mint position

This assumes you have gas on Unichain, otherwise an extra step to procure gas token.

Hopper allows all of these steps to be combined in a single transaction, using Across Protocol as the bridge.

## Core Components

### Migrators

Migrators are responsible for initiating the migration process. They:
- Receive the LP position token (the NFT)
- Swap one token for another (if needed)
- Send token(s) to the bridge with a message to construct LP position on destination chain

Key Migrator contracts:
- `Migrator.sol`: Abstract base contract for all migrators
- `AcrossMigrator.sol`: Base migrator implementation for Across Protocol
- `UniswapV3AcrossMigrator.sol`: Deployed migrator to receive Uniswap **v3** Positions
- `UniswapV4AcrossMigrator.sol`: Deployed migrator to receive Uniswap **v4** Positions

### Settlers

Settlers handle the receiving end of migrations. They:
- Process incoming tokens from a bridge
- Swap (if needed)
- Create new positions in specified protocols (e.g., Uniswap V3/V4)
- Handle fee calculations and distributions

Key Settler contracts:
- `Settler.sol`: Base contract with common settlement logic
- `AcrossSettler.sol`: Receives tokens from Across
- `UniswapV3AcrossSettler.sol`: Deployed settler to create Uniswap **v3** Positions
- `UniswapV4AcrossSettler.sol`: Deployed settler to create Uniswap **v4** Positions


## Key Features

- Support for both single and dual token migrations
  - Single token migration: swaps "other token" (like USDC) into WETH and migrates a single token between chains
  - Dual token migration: sends both tokens separately via a bridge and combines on other end. Note that this is only possible when both tokens are supported by Across.
- Support to mint a pool if it doesn't exist
- Native token (ETH) handling with automatic wrapping/unwrapping
- Fee management system with protocol and sender fees
  - support for fee-share with external Frontends/interfaces
- Partial settlement support for dual-token migrations
- Comprehensive migration ID system for tracking migrations

## Usage

Check `script/` for deployment instructions

## Testing

Tests are run against a hard fork of `Base`. You'll need to add `BASE_RPC_URL` to `.env`. 

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

and update `BASE_RPC_URL`.

To run tests, you can use the following command:

```bash
forge test
```

## Coverage 

We strive for 100% test coverage. Foundry currently doesn't recognize test coverage for inline `assembly` calls in Solidity, thus our coverage for `MigrationId.sol` lags below our target (though the test cases fully cover it).

```bash
forge coverage --ir-minimum
```

## Future work

We plan to support:
- additional bridges
- additional DEXes

## Comments/Questions

Feel free to open issues or DM me on [X](https://x.com/aseemsood_).

Commit message:

Audit fixes & e2e tests (#23)
* disable tests

* SB10 - block duplicate token in dual migration

* SB09 - fix SettlementCache params order & use object format

* SB14 - use forceApprove()

* SB13 - support chain IDs larger than type(uint32).max

* SB12 - remove dangling approval & not over-send ether

* SB11 & SB08 - reentrancy guard

* SB04 - strengthen settlement cache key

* SB03 - remove amounts swap (assume token routes are in order)

* SB18 - refund (and all transfer) using WETH instead of ETH

* SB17 - remove magic numbers

* SB01 - early return for zero address

* SB20 - immutable Uniswap addresses

* SB19 - remove settlement data check, as it's implicitly done via migration hash

* SB16 - cache value for gas efficiency

* SB04 addendum - revert on amount too low or unexpected token

* enumerate test cases

get first test working again

UniswapV3AcrossMigrator tests

added routeMin check

* libraries tests

chain settlers & protocol fees

cleanup

migrator

Settler tests

Settler tests - touchup

* UniswapV3AcrossSettler single token path tests

UniswapV3AcrossSettler Dual Token tests

* migrators tests

settlers tests

* license

* Remaining e2e tests

* make UniswapV4Library.mintPosition public for size optimization

* emit Refund event every time

* add refund event check in e2e tests

* MigrationHash -> MigrationId
Remove catching specific reverts from try catch

* updated tests for previous commit

* draft audit report

* updated readme and default .env.example

* final audit report

* add final owner to deploy script

---------

Co-authored-by: Jeff Huang <jeffishjeff@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# ChainHopper Protocol: Migrate Uniswap LP positions cross-chain

## Overview

ChainHopper migrates Uniswap v3 and v4 LP positions between different EVM chains with a single click.

To move a Uniswap LP position manually from say Arbitrum to Unichain requires several steps:
1. Burn position on Arbitrum (to collect all assets in the pool *and* fees)
2. Swap to a single token (like WETH)
3. Bridge WETH to Unichain
4. Swap back into the "other token" (like USDC)
5. Mint position

This assumes you have gas on Unichain, otherwise an extra step to procure gas token.

ChainHopper allows all of these steps to be combined in a single transaction, using Across Protocol as the bridge.

## Getting started

1. Try it at [chainhopper.xyz](https://chainhopper.xyz)

2. Integrate it directly in your products using our SDK: [ChainHopper SDK](https://github.com/meliopolis/chainhopper-sdk/)

## Core Components

### Migrators

Migrators are responsible for initiating the migration process. They:
- Receive the LP position token (the NFT)
- Swap one token for another (if needed)
- Send token(s) to the bridge with a message to construct LP position on destination chain

Key Migrator contracts:
- `Migrator.sol`: Abstract base contract for all migrators
- `AcrossMigrator.sol`: Base migrator implementation for Across Protocol
- `UniswapV3AcrossMigrator.sol`: Deployed migrator to receive Uniswap **v3** Positions
- `UniswapV4AcrossMigrator.sol`: Deployed migrator to receive Uniswap **v4** Positions

### Settlers

Settlers handle the receiving end of migrations. They:
- Process incoming tokens from a bridge
- Swap (if needed)
- Create new positions in specified protocols (e.g., Uniswap V3/V4)
- Handle fee calculations and distributions

Key Settler contracts:
- `Settler.sol`: Base contract with common settlement logic
- `AcrossSettler.sol`: Receives tokens from Across
- `UniswapV3AcrossSettler.sol`: Deployed settler to create Uniswap **v3** Positions
- `UniswapV4AcrossSettler.sol`: Deployed settler to create Uniswap **v4** Positions


## Key Features

- Support for both single and dual token migrations
  - Single token migration: swaps "other token" (like USDC) into WETH and migrates a single token between chains
  - Dual token migration: sends both tokens separately via a bridge and combines on other end. Note that this is only possible when both tokens are supported by Across.
- Support to mint a pool if it doesn't exist
- Native token (ETH) handling with automatic wrapping/unwrapping
- Fee management system with protocol and sender fees
  - support for fee-share with external Frontends/interfaces
- Partial settlement support for dual-token migrations
- Comprehensive migration ID system for tracking migrations

## Audit Report

You can find the audit report in `docs/`.

## Usage

While you can access the contracts directly at the deployed addresses, we recommend starting with our SDK: [ChainHopper SDK](https://github.com/meliopolis/chainhopper-sdk).

## Testing

Tests are run against a hard fork of `Base`. You'll need to add `BASE_RPC_URL` to `.env`. 

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

and update `BASE_RPC_URL`.

To run tests, you can use the following command:

```bash
forge test
```

## Coverage 

We strive for 100% test coverage. Foundry currently doesn't recognize test coverage for inline `assembly` calls in Solidity, thus our coverage for `MigrationId.sol` lags below our target (though the test cases fully cover it).

```bash
forge coverage --ir-minimum
```

## Deploying

Contracts are currently deployed on 5 chains: Mainnet, Unichain, Base, Optimism and Arbitrum. You can find the deployment addresses in either the `broadcast/` directory or in the [SDK](https://github.com/meliopolis/chainhopper-sdk/blob/main/src/chains.ts).

You can also deploy all the contracts directly via scripts in `bash_scripts/` or individually via `script/`. 

## Future work

We are exploring additional bridges like Wormhole and Op Stack interop.

Additionally, we are also exploring if more of the calcs (like how much to swap on destination chain) can be done on-chain in Solidity.

## Comments/Questions

Feel free to open issues or DM me on [X](https://x.com/aseemsood_).
